---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "viettelidc_voks_node_group Data Source - viettelidc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve information about a Node Group associated with a vOKS cluster Id
---

# viettelidc_voks_node_group (Data Source)

Retrieve information about a Node Group associated with a vOKS cluster Id

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example Usage
data "viettelidc_voks_node_group" "example" {

  id         = 123
  cluster_id = 123

  #Attribute Reference
  name          = "k8s-node-group"
  resource_type = "T1.vOKS 1"
  status        = "SUCCESS"

  auto_repair = false
  scaling_config {
    enable_auto_scale = true
    min_node          = 1
    max_node          = 2
  }

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    team        = "devops"
    app         = "backend"
    region      = "us-west"
  }

  taint {
    key    = "dedicated"
    value  = "gpu"
    effect = "NoSchedule"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (Number) The ID of the Cluster into which you want to create one or more Node Groups.
- `id` (Number) Id of the Node Group.

### Read-Only

- `auto_repair` (Boolean) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` help keep the nodes in your cluster in a healthy, running state.
- `labels` (Map of String) Key/value pairs attached to objects like Pods. They specify identifying attributes meaningfull to users but do not imply semantics to the core system.
- `name` (String) Name of the Node Group.
- `resource_type` (String) Instance type associated with the Node Group.
- `scaling_config` (Block, Read-only) Configuration required by the cluster autoscaler to adjust the size of the node group based on current cluster usage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scaling_config))
- `status` (String) The current status of Node Group. Valid values: `CREATING`, `UPDATING`, `SUCCESS`, `ERROR`.
- `taint` (Block List) The taints to be applied to the nodes in the Node Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--taint))

<a id="nestedblock--scaling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scaling_config`

Read-Only:

- `enable_auto_scale` (Boolean) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can scale automatically.
- `max_node` (Number) Maximum number of nodes in the Node Group. `max_size` need to be greater than or equal 1 and less than or equal to 10 and greater than or equal to `min_size`.
- `min_node` (Number) Minimum number of nodes in the Node Group. `min_size` need to be greater than or equal 1 and less than or equal to 10 and less than or equal to `max_size`.


<a id="nestedblock--taint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taint`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) The effect of the taint, Valid values: `NoSchedule`, `NoExecute`, `PreferNoSchedule`.
- `key` (String) The key for the taint. Must be be 63 characters or less, using letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), hyphen (-), underscores (_), and periods (.). Must start and end with a letter, number, or underscore.
- `value` (String) The value for the taint. Must be be 63 characters or less, using letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), hyphen (-), underscores (_), and periods (.). Must start and end with a letter, number, or underscore
